# SIMM Management System #
In April 2005, Anodyne Productions released the SIMM Management System, a project currently ongoing under the auspices of Anodyne Productions, and joined the handful of content management systems geared toward helping Star Trek RPG game masters administer their sites. “It’s designed to be user friendly for the user, the game master, the modder, and the coder,” was the way that Jon Matterson, leader of the project at the time, summed up this unique system when it was first released. In little time, SMS bolted to the front of the pack with its easy installation and user friendly interface. In spite of its growing popularity, SMS still suffered from several shortcomings, but with its burgeoning community behind it, bug fixes and new features began to pop up. Eleven months after its initial release, a compilation of bug fixes and features from the community became SMS 1.5, further solidifying SMS’s status as the premier RPG management system.

Rebuilt from the ground up, SMS 2 offered a whole new experience to Star Trek online RPGs. Taking a page from the original release of SMS, Anodyne Productions created a product that offered both simplicity, ease of use, and unbelievable power to control simulations the way a game master wanted. SMS 2 was the best of both worlds: the familiarity and ease of use of SMS 1 matched with a whole new engine running the world’s most powerful RPG manager. Only a handful of code made its way through the rigorous development process, meaning that “under the hood,” SMS 2 was brand new and better than ever! With the ability to do multi-author joint posts, department head NPC management within their department, and skin management, SMS 2 further established itself as the premier RPG management system.

One year later, Anodyne pulled the covers off the biggest release since SMS 2.0 with version 2.5. Boasting a brand new user access control system, tabbed interfaces, and a slew of new features being added with every minor update, SMS 2.5 became the gold standard for which RPG management was measured against. “SMS isn’t for everyone,” project leader David VanScott said, “but we want to make a product that people can use to stop worrying about their sites and just get back to playing the game.”

Marking the second anniversary of the release of SMS 2.0, Anodyne has unveiled SMS 2.6 that further builds on all the success before it. “It’s all about refinement,” VanScott said of this release. SMS 2.6 takes the best features of SMS 2.5 and makes them even better. Tab content being immediately available, private messaging updates, departmental databases, more streamlined menu management, a re-written activation page, improved Apache compatibility, and a handful of security improvements means that SMS is again establishing itself as the premier RPG management tool and laying the groundwork for the things to come in SMS 3.